[exporterhelper] Add default value for sending_queue::batch section (#13865)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: exporter/exporterhelper/README.md

    - `items`: number of the smallest parts of each signal (spans, metric data points, log records);
    - `bytes`: the size of serialized data in bytes (the least performant option).
  - `queue_size` (default = 1000): Maximum size the queue can accept. Measured in units defined by `sizer`

>   - `batch` disabled by default if not defined
>     - `flush_timeout` (default (if section is defined) = 200 ms): time after which a batch will be sent regardless of its size. Must be a non-zero value
>     - `min_size` (default (if section is defined) = 8192): the minimum size of a batch.
>     - `max_size` (default (if section is defined) = 0): the maximum size of a batch, enables batch splitting. The maximum size of a batch should be greater than or equal to the minimum size of a batch. If set to zero, there is no maximum size.
>     - `sizer` (default (if section is defined and `sending_queue::sizer` is not set) = items): Overrides the sizer set at the `sending_queue` level for batching. If `sending_queue::sizer` is not set, it defaults to `items`. Available options:
>       - `items`: number of the smallest parts of each signal (spans, metric data points, log records);
>       - `bytes`: the size of serialized data in bytes (the least performant option).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `batch`: see below.

#### Sending queue batch settings

Batch settings are available in the sending queue. Batching is disabled, by default. To enable default
batch settings, use `batch: {}`. When `batch` is defined, the settings are:

- `flush_timeout` (default = 200 ms): time after which a batch will be sent regardless of its size. Must be a non-zero value;
- `min_size` (default = 8192): the minimum size of a batch;
- `max_size` (default = 0): the maximum size of a batch, enables batch splitting. The maximum size of a batch should be greater than or equal to the minimum size of a batch. If set to zero, there is no maximum size;
- `sizer`: see below.

The `batch::sizer` field is given special treatment because the queue itself also defines a `sizer`. This field supports using different size limits for the queue and batch-related logic. 

If the `batch::sizer` field is not set, it takes its value from the parent structure. 

If `sending_queue::sizer` is not set, `batch::sizer` defaults to `items`. 

Available `batch::sizer` options:

- `items`: number of the smallest parts of each signal (spans, metric data points, log records);
- `bytes`: the size of serialized data in bytes (the least performant option).
```
